# To-Do List App with Python
display To-Do List App with Python using a GUI Tkinter application, SQLite3
<br>
<br>
<h2>Watch on YouTube</h2>
This repository was created for my Tkinter GUI YouTube tutorial:
<br>
https://youtu.be/T60cEaVYMJE
<br>
<br>
<b>author:</b> Parvat Computer Technology
<br>
<br>
<b> dependencies: </b>

- Tkinter
- Pillow (PIL)
- NumPy
- Pyglet (optional: used for Windows custom fonts)

<b>database from:</b>
<br>
<br>
<h2>Project Directories</h2>
the following directories require a detailed overview:
<br>

this directory contains the starter files required to follow my YouTube tutorial.

-  <b>assets</b> folder
- 1 database file inside the <b>data</b> folder
- 4 .png wireframe inside the root folder. Download from [DRIVE](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1y3SNKxPwQbLMVG84F2o5vglCnFD9y_YU)
- 1 .py file inside the root folder containing the most basic commands to run a Tkinter window.

<h2>App</h2>
This directory contains the complete application, created by following the YouTube tutorial.
<br>
As this app uses custom fonts, it's suitable for Windows users only.
<br>
An non-OS-dependant version of this project will be uploaded shortly.
<br>
In addition to all the files specified in starter_files, this directory contains:

- requirements.txt generated by "pip freeze"
<p>
<b>Please note!</b> I've added some horizontal padding with <b>padx=25</b> both for the title and ingredients.
<br>
Everything else is a 100% match to the code presented in the tutorial (+ helpful comments)
<br>
Designed with a relational database rather than the database that was shown in the YouTube tutorial.
<br>
The file to-do.db now contains 1 tables:

- recipes (includes a primary_key column)
- ingredients (foreign key: recipe_key)

as a result, 2 functions were slightly modified:

- fetch_db()
- pre_process(recipe_name, table_records)

